[Music]
this is your first Thanksgiving what are
you thankful for
mommy's boobies why other people are
thankful for those hello Rachel who is
it it's your favorite sister Jill Amy
hide my rings taemi Happy Thanksgiving
[Applause]
[Music]
do have a hair straightener hi hair
straightener I haven't seen you in like
a year
oh I know I know I just been crazed oh
well nothing to I had a baby I decorated
dad's office oh yeah
well unless you pushed a desk out of
your vagina not the same thing
listen about that hair straightener
honey I really need one I'm gonna have
dinner at my boyfriend's to us oh my god
is this Emmett
uh Emma it's a girl
Oh Amy you remember Ross I not really
but you are much cuter than that geeky
guy she used to date that was me
no he was this creepy guy from high
school who had this huge crush on her
since like the ninth grade still me no
I'm not talking about you come on it was
your fat friend's brother with that bad
afro ma I'm gonna save you some time
okay
Oh me she's precious do you ever worry
that she's gonna get your real nose Amy
yes I do it really do hello
yeah um hang on one sec can I take this
upstairs sure we don't live there but
seriously it's just these rooms I
thought you were a doctor
yeah no Ross has a PhD yeah
she is unbelievable I know I mean a PhD
is just as good as an MD oh sure Roz
yeah I have a heart attack at a
restaurant I want you there with your
fossil brush do Thanksgiving my
boyfriend canceled on me I mean I I
finally find a real relationship with
someone that I can spend this day with
and then his wife comes back into town I
swear it's it's almost not even worth
dating married guys don't say that I was
so looking forward to this who's gonna
be such a beautiful Thanksgiving we were
gonna have sushi Ross could I talk to
you in private sure you want to go
upstairs
look I was thinking if it's okay with
Monica I would like to invite Amy to
Thanksgiving you know I think that's a
great idea it'll be like the pilgrims
bringing the Indians syphilis look I
know she's a little tough to take but
she has nowhere else to go and she's my
sister all right she's Emma's aunt and I
would like them to bond okay fine but I
don't want them bonding too much I don't
want her telling Emma she needs a nose
job what Ross you know what she may need
one we're just gonna have to make our
peace with that